Updates README and docs (#4)
logdna/terraform-provider-logdna: docs/index.md

# LogDNA Provider

🚧 In public beta 🚧

[LogDNA](https://logdna.com) is a centralized log management platform. The LogDNA Provider allows organizations to manage Views and Alerts programmatically via Terraform.

> ## Example Usage

Reviewer: Ditto, I feel like we should add a sentence here saying something like:
"This example code for creating a new View and Alert is in HCL (Hashicorp Configuration Language)."

[LogDNA](https://logdna.com) is a centralized log management platform. The LogDNA Provider allows organizations to manage Views and Alerts programmatically via Terraform.

> 

Author: I like this :) some of this information is also below (i.e. the default url, servicekey information) so should we remove those parts?

> 

Reviewer: Agree that info wouldn't typically need to be repeated.. But I can't find it below. ;/ I think it will be easier after this massive PR is merged. We can polish again.

}
```

## Pre-requirements and considerations
Before using Terraform for creating resources in LogDNA, review the following notes:

> - Verify Terraform is installed. The minimum supported version is 0.12.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Verify Terraform is installed. The minimum supported version is 0.12.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Any reason this was resolved and not merged? Each of these statements in the list are sentences, so they should all end in periods.

> - Have the service key for your Organization available. To obtain the service key for your LogDNA Organization, go to the LogDNA dashboard and navigate to Settings > Organization > API Keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Have the service key for your Organization available. To obtain the service key for your LogDNA Organization, go to the LogDNA dashboard, and navigate to **Settings > Organization > API Keys**.
```

> - Be aware that the underlying LogDNA Configuration API has a rate limit of 50 requests at a time, therefore when using the LogDNA Terraform provider there is also a limit of 50 resource operations at a time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Be aware that the underlying LogDNA Configuration API has a rate limit of 50 requests at a time; therefore, when using the LogDNA Terraform provider, there is also a limit of 50 resource operations at a time.
```

> - If you do not provide a specific base url in the provider configuration, the base url defaults to "https://api.logdna.com"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you do not provide a specific base URL in the provider configuration, the base URL defaults to `https://api.logdna.com`.
```

> - Authentication is handled via the servicekey parameter and can be set in the provider configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Authentication is handled via the `servicekey` parameter and can be set in the provider configuration.
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `servicekey`: _(Required)_ LogDNA Account Service Key. This can be generated or retrieved from Settings > Organization > API Keys. Type _string_

> - `url`: _(Optional)_ The LogDNA region URL. If you’re configuring an IBM Log Analysis with LogDNA or IBM Cloud Activity Tracker with LogDNA you’ll need to ensure `url` is set to the [right endpoint depending on the IBM region](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/Log-Analysis-with-LogDNA?topic=Log-Analysis-with-LogDNA-endpoints#endpoints_api). Type _string_ (_Default: api.logdna.com_ )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `url`: _(Optional)_ The LogDNA region URL. If you're configuring IBM Log Analysis with LogDNA or IBM Cloud Activity Tracker with LogDNA, you'll need to ensure `url` is set to the [right endpoint depending on the IBM region](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/Log-Analysis-with-LogDNA?topic=Log-Analysis-with-LogDNA-endpoints#endpoints_api). Type _string_ (**Default: api.logdna.com**)
```

}
```

## Pre-requirements and considerations
Before using Terraform for creating resources in LogDNA, review the following notes:
- Verify Terraform is installed. The minimum supported version is 0.12.0.
- Have the service key for your Organization available. To obtain the service key for your LogDNA Organization, go to the LogDNA dashboard and navigate to Settings > Organization > API Keys.
- Be aware that the underlying LogDNA Configuration API has a rate limit of 50 requests at a time, therefore when using the LogDNA Terraform provider there is also a limit of 50 resource operations at a time
- If you do not provide a specific url, the url defaults to "https://api.logdna.com".

> - Authentication is handled via the servicekey parameter.

Reviewer: Two more tweaks, sorry! ;-)
1. replace second to last sentence with:
If you do not provide a specific base url, the base url defaults to "https://api.logdna.com".
2. replace last sentence above with: 
Authentication is handled via the `servicekey` parameter, which can be passed in the Header of the request (using -H) or, alternatively, in the `username` (-u) (leaving the password empty).

Author: for the purposes of using the provider I don't think the user needs to know the second part- I think that is something we should have in our config-api readme.io docs (I think they just need to know that the servicekey is configurable in the provider configuration)

Reviewer 3: Agreed, in the terraform provider the user shouldn't need to be aware of the underlying auth mechanisms the provider takes care of for them. That way they're properly abstracted from the underlying protocols we're using in our provider :D (hey what if one day we switch to graphql or grpc)

}
```

## Pre-requirements and considerations
Before configuring your environment to use Terraform for creating LogDNA objects, review the following topics:
- Verify that Terraform is installed. The minimum supported version is 0.12.0.
- Have the service key for your Organization available. To obtain the service key fo your LogDNA Organization, go to the LogDNA dashboard and navigate to Settings > Organization > API Keys.

> - Be aware that the underlying LogDNA Configuration API has a rate limit of 50 requests per minute, therefore when using the LogDNA provider in Terraform there is a limit 50 resource update operations a minute

Reviewer 4: This should be support 50 requests at a time from terraform provider rather than per minute.
